yo yo yo go so I gotta change that yeah
out of beef oh yeah yeah so let you
buy I to know / no house there by us
thought I snap see she was mad so la
Bleu in China Saudi come the bathroom Go
Go chicas de coco greet us it's Mona's
oh honey no God not again see ya talk
about Nadia that I got beaucoup de Mayo
yeah Scott's gonna go Cara no stops the
IPO that HTML skoka matsuoka gonna solve
that Ben's mean animal cotton aiza going
to Cabo or any natty Boh photo buddy ba
achieve okok may never kimochi back I
can I say that it'll come over come on
y'all ha my chips or that nice shot hold
it out from there poor gas mileage our
morning skies yo I yet if I with
daughter came to my talk is demo Cory
watching a show she she dosed la la la
oh god oh god stop over there dan cho
he's on my school like allowed on the
roof on the old man anymore chocolate
shop chiba-chiba laptop ito doko demo
page up hits them can't y'all Buster's
payphone over them st. John's then you
take your flow Mia mommy do get it show
you must lay cho a smart you know
chicken to the outdoor show me enemy to
Colette why I got so I need the cadet I
gotta snap out of your knee scuttle oh
I'm i can know me that economy thick
bread oh my gosh hope I need the cred I
got a sack carla bruni yo go ahead o me
night you but I thought I Dinoco ig2g
i'll go to the chemo she will go to your
back chi mekoni cut out till hot ass off
Jeff where's it don't see pull the truck
Tony what am I thought I was cool to
totally on my own side at night a que
hora vas am calling it can
you